[] Similar to most of his male crewmates, Luffy has the same outfit throughout most of the series. Luffy will often wear a different outfit to suit the climate of an island (such as a parka on Drum Island or desert robes in Arabasta) but will switch back to his trademark red vest and blue shorts after the adventures on that island are over. Despite this, he will wear his usual outfit in different colors and has been known to sport other miscellaneous items on his person from time to time like in Thriller Bark and Sabaody Archipelago. According to Eiichiro Oda in 37 Volume SBS, Luffy does not know how to dress stylishly so sometimes he is advised on how to dress by more fashionable team members, Nami, Usopp, Sanji, and Robin. During the Drum Island Arc, he wore two different parkas, the first being a burgundy parka with white fur on the cuffs, hood, and hem, and then a checkered, hooded parka with the colors white, orange, and bright yellow, which Nami wore in the beginning. During the Arabasta Arc, he wore desert robes consisting of a dark red robe with three white rings decorated along both sleeves and a sky blue wrap over his head. During the Skypiea Arc, he wore his vest open and additionally wore a black wristband around his left wrist with a white bangle over it. In 37 Volume SBS, Oda said that two members of his crew lent him accessories: a black wristband by Usopp and a white bracelet by Sanji. During the Long Ring Long Land Arc, for the final match of the Davy Back Fight, Luffy wore an afro on his head, dark red shorts, and red bandages on his feet, getting an image of a blue flaming skull and crossbones painted on his chest as well. During the Enies Lobby Arc, he wore black shorts with large cargo pockets. During the Post-Enies Lobby Arc, Luffy wore a white T-shirt with the Galley-La Company emblem on it in red; red lines around the top, shoulders, and collar; and navy blue shorts. During the Thriller Bark Arc, he wore an orange vest and reddish-brown shorts. After the battle against Moria in Thriller Bark, Luffy wore a dark decorated, jeweled armband around his left bicep, given to him by Nami. This armband was later revealed to be a map that leads to Captain John's lost treasure, which Buggy sought for some time; Luffy handed the armband over to Buggy in exchange for his services in navigating through Impel Down. In a flashback to Thriller Bark during Episode 1136, this outfit is depicted with the addition of a purple sash and his shorts lacking a red tint. During the Sabaody Archipelago Arc, in the manga, he wore a blue vest and red shorts (which can also be seen on the cover of Volume 52). In the anime, he wore black shorts instead of red. During the Amazon Lily Arc, Luffy wore a muted cyan vest with berry red shorts. During the Impel Down Arc, Luffy wore his outfit from his stay on Amazon Lily until after his fight with Magellan, at which point he replaced his clothing with a yellow vest and red shorts given to him by Inazuma. He would go on to wear this during the Marineford Arc. During the Post-War Arc, Luffy had his red shorts from Marineford, but with no vest, as well as bandages wrapped around almost his entire body due to the injuries he sustained. When he was arriving on Rusukaina, he went back to his original red vest and light blue shorts, which is currently the last time he is seen wearing this outfit. No matter where he is, Luffy wears his Straw Hat through absolutely everything, though at the start, the hat was prone to get knocked off his head easily, forcing Luffy to either put it aside or have someone hold onto it during fights. From the Arabasta Arc onward, he has gotten a string strap for it, which was sewn on by Nami, allowing the hat to hang on his back from his neck during fights, or stay more securely on his head for when he's in the air or upside-down. During his return to Marineford to give a silent prayer, Luffy was briefly shown with four characters written on his right arm spelling 3D2Y, with the 3D crossed out to symbolize that the Straw Hat Pirates should meet up in 2 years (2Y) rather than the 3 days (3D) as planned after fleeing from Bartholomew Kuma. During his journey, Luffy has used the power of his Devil Fruit in creative ways, many of which involve altering his body. The greatest example of his altered appearance is the creation of his Gear techniques which dramatically affect his entire body: In Gear 2, Luffy pumps more blood throughout his whole body, causing his sweat to rapidly vaporize and making it appear that he is releasing steam. In the anime, his skin becomes tinted pink and shiny from the increased blood flow. In Gear 3 form, Luffy blows a massive amount of air into his body, causing it to inflate and enlarge a specific part of his body to a size equivalent to that of a Giant. After the transformation wears off, his body temporarily shrinks to a child-sized form, with large hands and a vertically compressed head. The properties and appearance of this technique changed after the two-year timeskip.