[] After those two years, a few things have changed. He has grown slightly taller and is shown to be significantly more muscular due to his training. This can be seen in his slightly thicker neck, more pronounced deltoids, and a better-defined chest, which shows the X-shaped scar he received by then-Admiral Akainu covering most of it. His new "main" outfit retains his straw hat and light blue shorts, but instead of a vest Luffy wears an open, 3/4-sleeved red cardigan with four gold buttons and a yellow sash tied around his waist with the end hanging from his left hip (somewhat reminiscent of Gol D. Roger's outfit). Due to Luffy's increasing notoriety in addition to the increasing strength of his foes, after the timeskip he finds himself more often dressed in disguises to mask his identity, with varying levels of sophistication. Despite this, he still never loses his trademark straw hat and instead opts to at times cover it with other headwear. During the Punk Hazard Arc, Luffy wore a long winter coat with red and white horizontal stripes, along with yellow earmuffs and dark red gloves, which he stole from one of Brownbeard's Centaur Patrol Unit. Just before leaving, he switched to a different coat that is all red with dark brown fur lining and a light brown belt, as well as brown gloves. During the Dressrosa Arc, due to his need to hide his identity in Doflamingo's territory, Luffy wore an open, dark blue short-sleeved button up shirt with a sunflower pattern, his standard light blue shorts and yellow sash, and a black bowler hat over his straw hat. He also wore a fake white beard and mustache. Upon entering the tournament for the Mera Mera no Mi in the Corrida Colosseum, he wore Viking-style armor with a red cape, complete with a sword and shield. Upon revision to meet the tournament's weight restriction, he got rid of most of the armor, but kept the cape and helmet, along with his registration number '0556' and the word "Lucy" written on the back of his shirt, obscured by his cape. When he recovered after his battle against Doflamingo, Luffy wore a dark red tank top along with his standard shorts in brown (dark grey in the anime). As he and the newly formed 'Sanji Retrieval Team' departed from Zou, he his standard outfit with light brown shorts. During the Whole Cake Island Arc, Luffy wore an open, fancy white shirt with puffy sleeves, red trim, and an ornate gold pattern on the collar along with red shorts and his standard yellow sash. He also had a decorative scarf wrapped around his straw hat after landing at the Seducing Woods, though he appears to have lost it during his battle with Charlotte Cracker. These clothes were eventually torn to shreds after several battles and he later dons a new outfit to meet with Capone Bege; a brick red blazer with matching shorts, a black dress shirt, and a pink cravat. He also fitted a black fedora with a white hatband to the top of his straw hat. During his fight with Sanji, Luffy loses one of his top teeth after being struck by a Diable Jambe Joue Shot directly into his face. However, it grew back after he drank a bottle of milk. During the Wano Country Arc, Luffy wore a red yukata with patchwork mon of a blue rounded sun on a cyan background and a yellow obi. He also had a topknot on top of his hair. He briefly had the Nidai Kitetsu he borrowed from Tenguyama Hitetsu. Before beginning the assault on Onigashima, Luffy received a set of samurai armor from Hitetsu. When helping Kin'emon and the others against Kaidou's fleet at sea, Luffy wore a long black coat, his usual red shirt, orange shorts and a purple sash. He also briefly wore a Beasts Pirates disguise created by Kin'emon when infiltrating Onigashima, which consisted of fake red horns, black pauldrons with white lining, a black belt with white lining and the Beast Pirates jolly roger on the front, which is connected to the pauldrons by brown straps connecting to a silver ring, black leather pants, a red feather cape, orange gloves, and his regular sandals. During his celebration of the Raid's success, Luffy wears another red yukata, this one with a blue sash and yellow-and-white hexagonal patterns. In the following days, he wears a third red yukata with a purple ocean wave pattern and an orange sash. As he leaves Wano, he is seen wearing his Raid outfit, though with no coat and his orange shorts being swapped for yellow ones. During the Egghead Arc, Luffy received a long red coat with orange-yellow accents and the SSG logo, along with gloves, an earpiece, and a pair of red DOM Shoes. During his fight with Kizaru, he discarded this attire, remaining in his yellow shorts, purple sash, and sandals. During the Elbaph Arc, Luffy has currently received a Viking style outfit due to Road imprisoning him within his Land of Gods. The outfit mainly consists of nothing but a long red fur cape, a pair of dark brown leather shorts underneath covered by a pteruges-like skirt of light brown leather strips, as well as a thick leather belt with a black feather trim, a pair of long brown leather boots, a large black and gold Viking helmet with long curved horns, and finally a battle axe that he carries around on his back. Beyond this, Luffy maintains a shirtless appearance with his Straw Hat casually hanging behind his ax and cape. After the two-year timeskip, Luffy developed another two Gears, with one of them having its own sub-transformations, as well as significantly changing Gear 3: During Luffy's two years of training, he further developed Gear 3 to have the air concentrated into his fist and a large sphere of air in his wrist, as opposed to throughout a whole limb as before. He also uses it in a variety of sizes, does not shrink afterward, and is almost always hardened with Armament Haki, giving it a shiny black appearance. In Gear 4, Luffy's body proportions shift dramatically, specific to the exact form he is taking. In all forms, he gains dark rings around his eyes, and a level of Armament Haki coating over at least his arms and legs that has crimson accents in addition to the typical black. In the Boundman form, Luffy inflates himself, transforming his torso to be more spherical. He increases the size of his arms to match his torso and spreads Armament Haki coating over portions of his upper chest, creating the same type of swirls as those on the Gomu Gomu no Mi. In addition, his hair stands up on end, he gains black lining around his eyes, and his irises turn brown. In the process of inflating, Luffy also becomes taller and more muscular. The details of the Tankman form's regular appearance are unknown, as Luffy has only used a variation called the "Manpuku Version". In the Manpuku Version of Tankman, Luffy's body goes through a similar yet exaggerated transformation to Boundman. In this form, his torso inflates significantly more than the rest of his body, while his arms only slightly inflate. The Armament Haki coating covers most of his body except for his chest, creating a flame-like pattern. He goes through a much more significant height increase, though he loses the muscular physique of Boundman to increase the roundness of his body. In the Snakeman form, Luffy's body does not shift dramatically, remaining largely the same in terms of overall proportions. While some expansion still occurs, it's much less than in Boundman and Tankman, with the bulk of the transformation occurring in Luffy's newly flame-like hair. Compared to the other forms, he has less Armament Haki spread, barely reaching his shoulders. He also gains a trail of steam and fire that drapes over his shoulders. In Gear 5, Luffy's hair, shirt, and shorts turn pure white. His hair takes on the appearance of a flame, and his eyes glow with large red irises (pink in the anime). Like in Snakeman, he has a trail of gas draped over his shoulders, this time formed out of clouds.