[] Similarly to the main series, Luffy wears his standard outfit in most non-canon material. Starting with Movie 11, his standard wear is completely absent with very few exceptions. During Movie 3, he wears a red shirt with the number "01" in black in the middle. A deer costume with a fur coat and two tree branches for antlers was also momentarily seen. During the G-8 Arc, he infiltrates the kitchens as a Marine cook, wearing a white cook uniform, a blue scarf on his neck, and a white cook hat covering his straw hat. During Movie 6, Luffy wears a bright orange hoodie with the sleeves torn off, a black wristband on his left arm, and light blue shorts. During the Ice Hunter Arc, Luffy wears a pale-yellow parka with burgundy seams, and black triangular patches on the arms. During Movie 9, Luffy wears a red parka. During the Spa Island Arc, Luffy dresses in a pair of dark red swim trunks with the word 'Mermaid' written on the right leg, and a pair of cyan swimming goggles. He also carries two inner tubes: a white one with dark blue stripes, and an orange one with the Criminal logo on the side. During the Little East Blue Arc, he wears red-orange jacket exposed at the chest, and a pair of sky blue shorts. During Movie 10, prior to his meeting with Shiki, Luffy wears bright blue swim trunks with a blue-and-white cloud pattern, along with a yellow towel. When he was sent to Mereveille along with the rest of his crewmates, he wears a dark blue loose-fitting collared shirt with two light blue 'X' marks on each side, and loose pair of pale red shorts with bushy dark red rims. Slung on his shoulders are a yellow travel bag and a giant green canteen, and below his straw hat are two helmets: one yellow, and an orange one with undone straps and a pair of goggles. During his raid on Shiki's palace, he dresses in a black suit with a red dress shirt and a black tie, topped with a large coat sporting gold trim and white cuffs. During Movie 11, Luffy wears a short-sleeved orange hoodie with a gold patch saying '56 Gomu' on the left breast and both of his sleeves. During 3D2Y, Luffy wears a bright red hoodie with a furred hood, a gold zipper, and torn sleeves, with the back of the hood sporting a pawprint design, along with white wraps around his stomach and right bicep and his regular blue shorts. Since this takes place during the two-year timeskip, his hat is absent. During Episode of Luffy, Luffy wears a red hooded jumpsuit. During Adventure of Nebulandia, he wears a red short-sleeved zip-up hoodie with a stylized version of his Jolly Roger splayed across the front along with his typical blue shorts and yellow sash. During the Z's Ambition Arc, Luffy wears red shorts with 'Criminal' written on the left leg, and a black T-shirt showing a picture of a shark riding a wave. During Movie 12, Luffy celebrates the 'Cherry Blossom Party' wearing gray shorts and a gold V-neck shirt with a skeleton's sockets and teeth stitched on the front. Under his hat is a frilly orange cap with the buckles undone. When searching for Z on Secon Island, Luffy wears a leather jacket, a blue shirt with a faded cloud-like pattern, brown shorts, and dark brown boots. Out of the gear Mobston gave the Straw Hat Pirates to prepare for their fight with the Neo Marines, he chose a bright red long coat with gold trim over a red button up shirt, a yellow vest, a dark crimson sash, and black shorts. Strapped to the coat were two rapiers and a giant piece of meat on a bone. The second outfit was designed in collaboration with Armani. At the end of Opening 16 Hands Up!, Luffy is seen wearing a fancy black coat with gold accents, a burgundy dress shirt, a black tie, black shorts, and a yellow sash. In Opening 17 Wake up!, Luffy wore a longer version of his typical red shirt with thin yellow and blood red edges over a white button-up shirt with a popped collar, an orange sash with no loose ends, blood red shorts, a yellow ball chain necklace with blood red gems hanging from the yellow ones, and a blood red, orange, and yellow striped headband. He also carries a red flag with the Straw Hat Pirates' Jolly Roger. During Heart of Gold, Luffy wore red shorts and a white and orange parka, with the right breast sporting a jolly roger with the word 'Winter' written above the skull. When going to explore Alchemi, he trades his parka for a furred jacket that matches his shorts, and wears a pith helmet with a flashlight, leaving his regular hat dangling around his neck. During Movie 13, on his way to Gran Tesoro (and throughout Film: Gold Episode 0), he wore black shorts, a red helmet with a skull at the front, and red and white nio-dasuki tied around his waist. Pinned to the back is a giant blue inflatable axe, and at the front is a large black and red loincloth showing two axes and the kanji symbol for 'Gold' written in gold. When changing to head into the casino, he wore a white blazer and shorts with a red handkerchief in his left breast pocket, a dark blue and orange Hawaiian shirt, and a straw cowboy hat with his regular one set around his neck. When planning the heist with Carina, he wore a red, yellow, and green tank top with a star that says 'Luck' on the front, and light blue shorts. When choosing a disguise, he jokingly went for an orange and green dress. During the heist, he wore a black leather vest and shorts, with a pair of goggles. During the Marine Rookie Arc, Luffy wears his standard post-timeskip outfit with a Marine coat over his shoulders. At the start of Movie 14 (and the entire Cidre Guild Arc), Luffy wears a collarless red and white striped shirt with his Jolly Roger on the back, pale blue shorts, white sports bandages wrapped around his torso, and a pair of geta. Strapped to his back is a large wooden instrument. In his attendance at the Pirates Festival, he changes into an open red button-up shirt, black shorts, and an orange sash. Topping his straw hat is a beige, patterned covering with frilled edges, though he quickly lost this while fighting the other pirates. Strapped to his back is a seafoam green knapsack stuffed with various objects and food, and a giant green spiked shield. When leaving the Pirates Festival after his fight with Douglas Bullet, Luffy wears an orange tank top. The first outfit was designed in collaboration with UNIQLO. During Movie 15, Luffy's Festival Outfit during Uta's concert was a red t-shirt with a white '56' on the left sleeve, and the center sporting a design of a microphone wearing his straw hat. He also wore an orange vest with yellow straps, with four fans circling around it, along blue shorts. During his flashbacks to Foosha Village (and the Uta's Past Arc), Luffy wears red shorts and a white T-shirt with a yellow 'X' on it. His Battle Outfit consists of a bulky leather jacket with various rings, zippers, studs, and a red cross on the left sleeve which he wears around his shoulders. Paired with a loose V-neck T-shirt with a beige Jolly Roger tilted uptilted to the right, light red torn shorts, a golden buckle with a rapier strapped to it, and a large black captain's hat with a pink sash, gold trim, and a white design of a skeleton and a stripped patterning. When transforming into Gear 5 to land his final blow against Tot Musica, the Battle Outfit turns pure white as usual, though as the monster disappears his clothes morph into the form's debut appearance in the Wano Country Saga: his all-white standard outfit and a purple sash.