1 Appearance 1.1 Before the Timeskip 1.2 After the Timeskip 1.3 Non-Canon 2 References 3 Site Navigation Quick Answers What is the significance of Monkey D. Luffy's straw hat? Monkey D. Luffy's straw hat is more than just a fashion statement - it's a symbol of his childhood and his dreams. The hat was given to him by his idol, the legendary pirate captain 'Red-Haired' Shanks, who (unbeknownst to Luffy) received it from Gol D. Roger. Luffy promised to return the hat to Shanks once he became a "Great Pirate". This hat is the reason for Luffy's nickname, 'Straw Hat Luffy', and it's also the namesake and symbol of his crew, the Straw Hat Pirates. Provided by: Community What is the legendary treasure of the late Gol D. Roger? The legendary treasure of the late Gol D. Roger, also known as the Pirate King, is known as 'One Piece'. This treasure is said to be the greatest in the world and its location was revealed by Roger just before his death. This revelation sparked the Grand Age of Pirates, with many dreaming of finding One Piece and becoming the next Pirate King. Provided by: Community What is Monkey D. Luffy's dream? For a long time, Monkey D. Luffy's dream was understood to be that he wanted to become the Pirate King so he can become the person with the most freedom in the world. He aims to find the One Piece, a legendary treasure that will earn him the coveted title of Pirate King. Additionally, after the Wano arc, it was revealed that Luffy has another dream, known only to a select few people; this dream has not been revealed to the reader yet. Provided by: Community How did Monkey D. Luffy become the captain of the Straw Hat Pirates? Monkey D. Luffy became the captain of the Straw Hat Pirates through his own determination and adventurous spirit. After his body turned into rubber due to eating the Gomu Gomu no Mi, Luffy set sail with the goal of becoming the next King of the Pirates. His charismatic personality and fearless approach to challenges attracted a diverse crew who pledged their loyalty to him. Provided by: Community What makes Monkey D. Luffy the strong? Monkey D. Luffy is the strongest combatant of the Straw Hat Pirates due to his fearless attitude, mastery of all three forms of Haki, and his Devil Fruit power. His strength is recognized by many, including his opponents, despite his age and appearance often leading to underestimation. Provided by: Community {"@context":"https:\/\/schema.org","@type":"FAQPage","name":"Monkey D. Luffy","mainEntity":[{"@type":"Question","name":"What is the significance of Monkey D. Luffy's straw hat?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Monkey D. Luffy's straw hat is more than just a fashion statement - it's a symbol of his childhood and his dreams. The hat was given to him by his idol, the legendary pirate captain 'Red-Haired' Shanks, who (unbeknownst to Luffy) received it from Gol D. Roger. Luffy promised to return the hat to Shanks once he became a \"Great Pirate\". This hat is the reason for Luffy's nickname, 'Straw Hat Luffy', and it's also the namesake and symbol of his crew, the Straw Hat Pirates."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"What is the legendary treasure of the late Gol D. Roger?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"The legendary treasure of the late Gol D. Roger, also known as the Pirate King, is known as 'One Piece'. This treasure is said to be the greatest in the world and its location was revealed by Roger just before his death. This revelation sparked the Grand Age of Pirates, with many dreaming of finding One Piece and becoming the next Pirate King."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"What is Monkey D. Luffy's dream?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"For a long time, Monkey D. Luffy's dream was understood to be that he wanted to become the Pirate King so he can become the person with the most freedom in the world. He aims to find the One Piece, a legendary treasure that will earn him the coveted title of Pirate King. Additionally, after the Wano arc, it was revealed that Luffy has another dream, known only to a select few people; this dream has not been revealed to the reader yet."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"How did Monkey D. Luffy become the captain of the Straw Hat Pirates?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Monkey D. Luffy became the captain of the Straw Hat Pirates through his own determination and adventurous spirit. After his body turned into rubber due to eating the Gomu Gomu no Mi, Luffy set sail with the goal of becoming the next King of the Pirates. His charismatic personality and fearless approach to challenges attracted a diverse crew who pledged their loyalty to him."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"What makes Monkey D. Luffy the strong?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Monkey D. Luffy is the strongest combatant of the Straw Hat Pirates due to his fearless attitude, mastery of all three forms of Haki, and his Devil Fruit power. His strength is recognized by many, including his opponents, despite his age and appearance often leading to underestimation."}}]}