[] From the Return to Sabaody Arc through the Fish-Man Island Arc, Nami's appearance underwent a few significant changes. Her hair has grown longer, reaching down her lower back with a single long hair stand hanging on the left side while still maintaining her bangs. Her breasts have also grown much larger, and she has developed more of an hourglass figure, similar to Nico Robin's. Nami has also grown slightly taller. After the timeskip, her default outfit consists of a revealing green-and-white bikini top, tight low-rider blue jeans, orange high-heeled sandals, and a pair of pearl-like earrings. Since arriving to the New World, Nami sports a new belt that is black with a "" symbol on it, where she keeps the pieces of her Sorcery Clima-Tact on the right side. Before leaving Fish-Man Island. she changed into a Criminal brand red halter top and tied her hair back in two ponytails behind her with blue bands, as well as removed her belt. The Minister of the Left also gave her a New World Log Pose to replace her old Log Pose, which had become unreliable due to the more unpredictable nature of magnetic fields coming from islands in the New World, which she began to wear henceforth. As the crew left the island Nami decided to unwind, undressed, and took a bath, but upon being interrupted during her bath due to the ship getting caught in a White Storm, she rushed out onto the deck only wearing a light blue hooded zippered sweatshirt over her body, as well as her new Log Pose, gold bracelet, pearl earrings. She also put on slip-on brown sandals; in the anime, she was only shown wearing them very briefly and ended up barefooted, losing her sandals when the Sunny passed through the White Storm. At the start of the Punk Hazard Arc, when they arrived in the New World, Nami changed into a red and yellow Criminal brand bikini top with the same pair of blue jeans, belt, and high-heeled sandals. She also tied her hair back again, and temporarily wore a pink raincoat while in stormy waters. When she reached the cold side of Punk Hazard, Sanji gave her his jacket to stay warm. She was later given a long black double-breasted coat and a set of gloves by Kin'emon using his unnamed Devil Fruit power, but when Sanji was using her body after Trafalgar Law swapped their minds with his Ope Ope no Mi, he took them off to rescue Kin'emon's displaced torso from underwater, and they changed back into rocks. He had the samurai create a new set of winter attire, a tan coat with black fur and gloves. Inside Caesar Clown's lab, she shed the coat and gloves in the warmer conditions, causing them to revert back to rocks. After returning to the Thousand Sunny, she changed into real and more personalized stylish winter clothing and also replaced the clothes which were not suited for the cold, putting on a high-collared black coat with three sets of gold buttons held together by straps, brown gloves, a set of black leggings instead of jeans, and in place of her sandals, a set of calf-high dark brown boots with white fur insulating the boots at the calves. Once the crew had sailed out of Punk Hazard into more pleasant conditions, she wore a pink sleeveless shirt with the word "HEAT" on it in red letters with a picture of candy below it, teal and white striped shorts, and her high-heeled sandals. During the Dressrosa Arc, Nami's first outfit consists of a tank top and short shorts. Later, while playing a shogun scene on the Sunny, she wears a bikini top, a necklace with a star pendant, short shorts, and very high heels. After the crew had split up, she changed into a frilled halterneck and a pleated frilled skirt with round studs around the waistline and a small decorative bow in front. She wore her hair back in a ponytail with a scrunchie and kept her pearl earrings and high-heeled sandals. While on Zou, Nami wore a sleeveless fancy purple dress covered in fancy pearls, which is a national treasure of Zou. She still wears her high-heeled sandals, and her hair is loose. When leaving Zou she wore a skirt and shirt with the number "73" on it and later a hooded fur coat when the crew was traveling in cold weather. In the Whole Cake Island Arc, Nami bought a corset skirt and blouse, making her look like a "pretzel girl", which Carrot and Brook liked. Before landing on Whole Cake Island, Nami briefly wore a suit of armor with spears on the back (due to fighting ants all night) but changed out of it instantly. Later on, after her original outfit gets destroyed in a fire, she steals new clothes from an unconscious man lying nearby; blue overalls with very large, puffy pant legs along with a pink sash wrapped around her waist. When meeting with the Fire Tank Pirates, she wore a short, backless turtleneck red dress. After escaping Whole Cake Island, she wore a white long sleeve mini dress and donned another belt, similar to the one when arriving the New World, but brown; with her new upgraded Clima-Tact on the side of her waist. In the Wano Country Arc, Nami first wore a dark-colored (light purple in the anime) dress with yellow outlines. She was later given a blue and orange revealing kunoichi outfit by Kin'emon. Her third outfit was a baby blue kimono with a dark-colored (pink in the anime) floral pattern, and wore her hair in a loose bun. Her fourth outfit consists of a red kunoichi outfit with a dark-colored (also pink in the anime) floral pattern, completely reminiscent to her first one, with the addition of an armor plate for her midsection, tied with a yellow ribbon, and flower decor on her hair, with her Clima-Tact hidden safely on her, even after the weapon merges with the Homie; Zeus. When Kin'emon used his Devil Fruit abilities again to disguise them, she wore a Beasts Pirates attire. During her respite following the Raid on Onigashima, she wears a greenish-blue kimono with a pinkish-white floral pattern, and later a pink one with a purple and white floral pattern. When leaving Wano, she wears reddish-orange overalls that end at her upper thighs, a bright yellow sweater, and her trademark sandals. During the Egghead Arc, Nami is shown wearing a white leotard bodysuit with a hood and 'SSG' written in black on her left breast, a pale pink-and-blue earpiece, and a pair of pink DOM Shoes. During the Elbaph Arc, Nami has currently received a Viking styled outfit due to Road imprisoning her in his Land of Gods. Her outfit now consists of a revealing black buckled leather top, with a matching brown leather short skirt, a yellow short feathered cape, brown leather arm and leg bands, brown high heeled fur boots, a decorative broadsword, and Zeus now carefully hidden within her outfit. Nami's hair was also styled into four long braids, with two intricate braids on the sides of her head, as well as two long strands of hair framing the front of her face also braided.