[] In Episode 1, she appears wearing a ballroom gown with pink lines, a red necklace and earrings, and a pink bracelet. Then, she appears in a pirate's outfit, with a blue shirt, black pants, a red scarf at the waist, a pirate style black bandana in the head, and two black bracelets. In the Movie 2, she initially appears in a dark pink bikini. After the Trump Pirates stole the Going Merry with her clothes inside, she had to wear a wedding dress from a store. A majority of the movie she is wearing Luffy's signature straw hat. During Movie 3, she wears a white sundress with an extravagant black cross patterns tied up in a knot along her left thigh, and a red belt. Also momentarily, she wears an extravagant monkey costume designed by Usopp. During the Ruluka Island Arc, Nami wears a black-and-white striped shirt, along with her signature shirt and sandals. During Movie 4, she wears a gray sleeveless jacket, with the word "Evil" on the chest, and a short blue skirt. In the final scene, she wears an orange dress with long sleeves and short skirt, with a white line on the sleeves, which is also worn during the plot of the Movie 5. During the G-8 Arc, she wears momentarily as a Marine janitor, with a white shirt, an apron with the symbol of the Marines, a white cap turned inside out, and two green gloves. Then, she changes the uniform for a nurse's, wearing a white nurse's cap, a pink shirt, and an apron with the Marines symbol and a pocket, and a dark pink ribbon at the waist. During the anime-original episodes of the Long Ring Long Land Arc, Nami wears a cropped yellow jersey with the number '73' on the top, and rollerskates. During Movie 6, she initially wears a purple dress, a white shawl, and sunglasses with pink lenses. Then, she changes her clothes for a pink top and yellow shorts with a black belt. During the cooking contest with Sanji, she wears a low-cut black dress and put her hair in a bun and fastened some black hair clips on the right part of her bangs. During Movie 7, Nami wears a burgundy tank top with the word 'Gold' written across the chest, and beige jeans. When attending Ratchet's dinner, she wears a low cut red dress, gold earrings, a black choker, and does her hair in a bun. Later she is seen wearing a blue tank top, green shorts, and red boots. During the Ice Hunter Arc, Nami wears a light blue jacket. Later she wears a blue sweater, a pink parka, and a yellow beanie. During Movie 9, she wears a beige parka with red leggings, a pink scarf with matching gloves, and brown boots. During the Spa Island Arc, she wears a dark pink bikini. During Movie 10, before her initial meeting with Shiki, Nami wore a white tank top and blue shorts, and did her hair into a ponytail. During her time in Shiki's palace, she wore a black and white vertically striped bikini with a blue bead necklace. After being found by Luffy, she changes into a red, yellow, and green crop top and short shorts, as well as doing the back of her hair into two short pigtails. During her second time in Shiki's palace before the Straw Hat Pirates arrive, she wore a black dress with stockings, high hells, and a pink boa. After returning to the ship and fully recovering from her Daft Green infection, she is wearing a white blouse and sandals, with the back of her hair once again done in two short pigtails. During Movie 11, Nami wears a purple tank top, dark blue shorts, and red heels. During the Little East Blue Arc, Nami wears a sheer crop top over a black bikini bra, a pair of jeans that hike up to her shins, and pink sandals. She also wears a pair of sunglasses with purple lenses. During Episode of Luffy, she wears a light blue sweater that is cut to her midriff, brown frilled boots, a short skirt with an abstract green, blue, and yellow pattern, and has tied her hair into a bun. During Adventure of Nebulandia, she wears a thin-strapped bikini with a pink top and white bottom, white sandals with a floral pin at the base, and white sunglasses with dark blue lenses. When landing on Nebulandia, she wears a yellow dress with a popped collar. During Z's Ambition Arc, Nami curled and slicked back her orange hair, it being held by a red headband. She wears a white, strapless mini dress with frilled edges, gray stockings, and white heels. During Glorious Island, as well as the beginning of Movie 12, she wears a revealing rainbow bikini, a gold necklace, and white sunglasses with purple lenses. Later on, when the crew finds Z, she puts on a large orange jacket. When she's turned into a child, she wears a simple white dress, and later into a similar dress with pink edges and yellow spots. When picking from the gear Mobston offered in preparation for their fight with Z, she chose a green chest plate and armored skirt, a red long-sleeve shirt and helmet with '03' engraved on the side of the latter, and brown boots. Once returning to her normal age, the outfit recedes and hugs her body more, with the sleeves receding to her elbows and her thighs and midriff completely exposed. During Heart of Gold, Nami wore a pink parka, white earmuffs, brown gloves, and black boots and leggings. When changing to explore Alchemi, she wears a black bikini top, blue jeans with a black thong underneath, as well as a blue camouflage-patterned bucket hat and black gloves. When kidnapped by Mad Treasure and forced into slavery, she's seen wearing pink Egyptian bedlah and her hair in a ponytail. After dropping off Olga and Acier on a nearby island, she changed into jeans and a black bikini top. During Film Gold Episode 0 as well as in the beginning of Movie 13, she wears a revealing blue and white bikini, with the left cup having a blue scale-like pattern with a picture of a cat, and the right being plain white with the word 'Sexy' written in black. The bottom has the same back pattern with the position reverse. She pairs it with blue and white sandals, and a white and pink hibiscus pinned into her hair. Later on when changing for the casino, Nami wears a short, glittering white dress with a black bow on the waist, gold sandals and earrings, and pinned some portions of her into two spiral buns on both sides of her head. When planning the heist with Carina, she wears white shorts, and a short red top with the word 'Cat' and a picture of one splayed across the top. During the heist, she wears a flashy circus tamer outfit consisting of a blue and black leopard-print leotard with a tail coming out from behind, tall fishnet stockings, a top hat with a large feather plume snaking out the back and a whip. Later on, she momentarily disguises herself as a World Noble. During the fight against Tesoro's group, she changes into a similar black leather outfit as the other crew members, however she ties the leather top around her waist, instead choosing to wear a blue bikini top, while still wearing the leather pants. During the Marine Rookie Arc, Nami wears a red dress with a popped white collar, black heels, and a Marine cap and coat, the latter draped over her shoulders. In the beginning of Movie 14 (and the entirety of the Cidre Guild Arc), Nami wears light blue workout top and shorts, a pale green sweater over her shoulders, as well as navy blue sneakers with socks. When participating in the Beauty Contest during the Pirates Festival, she wears a white bikini with gemstone pendants on her thighs and bra strap. For the rest of the festival, she wears bright orange overalls which end at the top of her thighs, a white bikini top underneath, tall red boots, and a light green bandana tied around her head. After Luffy's fight with Douglas Bullet, she changes into a white tank top and blue jeans shorts. During Movie 15, when attending Uta's concert, Nami wears a red plaid skirt, a reddish-orange top and boots, and a white sweater tied around her waist, along with pink sunglasses, golden earrings, an assortment of bracelets on her wrists, and tying her hair into two long braids. Her skin also has a decent amount of colorful body paint, dotting her collarbone, right cheek, forearms, and left leg. Her Battle Outfit inadvertently given to her by Uta has her in a revealing white top held up by a black choker around her neck, matching frilled gloves, and two pink studded bands around her right upper arm. Below her waist is a gray frilled skirt with a short front and significantly longer back, pale pink fishnet stockings, and a large pink belt, all held together by black garters and heels. Topping her head is a black pirate's hate with a white cross and pink ring across the front, a gray plume and pink feathers fanning out the back, and two gold rings hanging of the side by a black thread. She also carries a large rapier with a bright pink scabbard.