1 Appearance 1.1 Before the Timeskip 1.2 After the Timeskip 1.2.1 Body Measurements 1.3 Non-Canon 2 References 3 Site Navigation Quick Answers What role does Nami play in the Straw Hat Pirates? Nami is the navigator of the Straw Hat Pirates. Nami guides the ship's direction and course. Nami gives orders to the whole crew when necessary to keep the ship and the crew safe. Provided by: Community How did Nami become a member of the Straw Hat Pirates? Initially, Nami entered an alliance with the Straw Hat Pirates to rob Buggy, recognizing Luffy's strength. Luffy claimed her as their navigator. After encountering an image of Arlong, she betrayed the crew and stole their treasure and ship, returning to work for Arlong. However, the Straw Hats pursued her, defeating the Arlong Pirates, which freed Nami from her obligation and solidified her position as the second crewmate. Provided by: Community Who is Nami's adoptive sister? Nojiko is the adoptive sister of Nami, a character in the One Piece series. They were both taken in by Bell-mère, who discovered Nojiko with baby Nami and chose to adopt them. Nojiko was conscious of their adoption status and frequently backed Nami's thieving tendencies, leading to Bell-mère's frustration. Provided by: Fandom Why did Nami initially join the Straw Hats? Nami, originally part of the Arlong Pirates, joined the Straw Hats after seeing the strength and honor in Luffy. She initially recruited him for a theft from Buggy. Following the defeat of the Arlong Pirates by the Straw Hats, Nami was liberated from her past ties and fully embraced her role as the crew's navigator, becoming the second member of Luffy's crew. Provided by: Fandom What is the significance of Nami's 'Cat Burglar' nickname? The 'Cat Burglar' nickname of Nami, the navigator of the Straw Hat Pirates, signifies her exceptional thieving skills. She often steals valuables from distracted ships or bases, a talent acknowledged by the World Government. Initially a member of the Arlong Pirates, she joined the Straw Hats during the Orange Town Arc. Provided by: Fandom {"@context":"https:\/\/schema.org","@type":"FAQPage","name":"Nami","mainEntity":[{"@type":"Question","name":"What role does Nami play in the Straw Hat Pirates?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Nami is the navigator of the Straw Hat Pirates. Nami guides the ship's direction and course. Nami gives orders to the whole crew when necessary to keep the ship and the crew safe."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"How did Nami become a member of the Straw Hat Pirates?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Initially, Nami entered an alliance with the Straw Hat Pirates to rob Buggy, recognizing Luffy's strength. Luffy claimed her as their navigator. After encountering an image of Arlong, she betrayed the crew and stole their treasure and ship, returning to work for Arlong. However, the Straw Hats pursued her, defeating the Arlong Pirates, which freed Nami from her obligation and solidified her position as the second crewmate."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"Who is Nami's adoptive sister?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Nojiko is the adoptive sister of Nami, a character in the One Piece series. They were both taken in by Bell-m\u00e8re, who discovered Nojiko with baby Nami and chose to adopt them. Nojiko was conscious of their adoption status and frequently backed Nami's thieving tendencies, leading to Bell-m\u00e8re's frustration."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"Why did Nami initially join the Straw Hats?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Nami, originally part of the Arlong Pirates, joined the Straw Hats after seeing the strength and honor in Luffy. She initially recruited him for a theft from Buggy. Following the defeat of the Arlong Pirates by the Straw Hats, Nami was liberated from her past ties and fully embraced her role as the crew's navigator, becoming the second member of Luffy's crew."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"What is the significance of Nami's 'Cat Burglar' nickname?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"The 'Cat Burglar' nickname of Nami, the navigator of the Straw Hat Pirates, signifies her exceptional thieving skills. She often steals valuables from distracted ships or bases, a talent acknowledged by the World Government. Initially a member of the Arlong Pirates, she joined the Straw Hats during the Orange Town Arc."}}]}