[] Similar to most of his male crewmates, Zoro has the same outfit throughout most of the series. Before the timeskip, he would consistently wear a white short-sleeved henley shirt, a green haramaki, black pants, and black boots. However, only Zoro's shirt varies from time to time in the arcs. During the Arlong Park Arc, he disembarked Sanji's fishing ship,, neglecting to put on a shirt. After beating up most of Arlong's crew, he wore an opened, navy blue shirt decorated with light blue whirlpools that he stole from one of the fishmen. Since Zoro received his scar from Mihawk during the Baratie Arc before the Arlong Park Arc, Zoro wore bandages that were visible underneath his shirt. During the Loguetown Arc, Zoro acquired Sandai Kitetsu and Yubashiri to replace the two conventional katanas that Mihawk broke during the Baratie Arc. During the Drum Island Arc, Zoro was bundled up for the winter island but later stripped down after a foolish choice to swim in the frigid water on the island. He remained shirtless and barefoot at the beginning of the arc after getting lost from the Going Merry and left unable to redress himself until he stole a parka from a man in Wapol's army, which was a hooded, forest green parka with a light green sash and white fur on the cuffs, hood, and hem, as well as a pair of boots. During the Arabasta Arc, he wore an orange keffiyeh with a gold chain on his head, a long-sleeved white coat with black lines all over it, and the bottom of his black trousers were torn above his ankles. At the end of the arc, he wore a dark gray dress with a henley collar. During the Skypiea Arc, he wore his usual outfit at the beginning of the arc until he took it off after fighting a sky shark to save Chopper from being eaten. Afterward, he wore a dark blue tank top and goggles strapped either on his head or around his neck, which were later broken and discarded. During the Water 7 Arc, he wore his usual outfit until near the end, where he wore an unzipped yellow short-sleeved jacket with a closed pocket flap on each side. He continued wearing this outfit throughout the Enies Lobby Arc. During the Post-Enies Lobby Arc, he wore a black shirt with the Galley-La Company emblem on it in white. At the end of the Thriller Bark Arc, he wore an open, gray shirt. He also replaced Yubashiri, which was rusted away by Shu in the Enies Lobby Arc, with Shusui, which was entrusted to him by the zombie of Ryuma brought to life by Brook's shadow. During the Sabaody Archipelago Arc, he wore an open white short-sleeved button-up shirt with red stripes. During his time at Kuraigana Island, shortly after being sent there by Bartholomew Kuma, he wore an open, dark blue shirt. Since Zoro was critically injured when he arrived at the island, Perona patched him up, so bandages were all over his body.