[] During and after the two-year timeskip, Zoro gains a new scar running down over his left eye, which is implied to be a permanent injury, as it is always closed. His frame gets larger, showing considerably more muscle mass, and his hair has gotten shaggier, while slicked back. He retains his bandana, haramaki, pants, and boots, but instead of a henley, Zoro now wears a long, open dark green coat closed at his waist, held by a muted red sash, into which his three swords are tucked. He has also grown noticeably taller, as he is similar in height to Robin. Amidst the Punk Hazard Arc, he wore a white furry coat for protection against the cold weather on the COOL side of Punk Hazard, which he took from Brownbeard's Centaur Patrol Unit. Within the Dressrosa Arc, he wore a black suit and a white dress shirt with the top button undone. He also wore black sunglasses and a fake white mustache as a disguise. His sunglasses were destroyed in his clash with Admiral Fujitora. Additionally, he discarded the mustache upon his identity being exposed. After the battle against the Donquixote Pirates, Zoro took off his suit jacket and unbuttoned his shirt, leaving his chest and scar exposed. Over the length of the Zou Arc, Zoro let his coat hang from his waist and put on a blue t-shirt. Spanning the Wano Country Arc, Zoro wore a white yukata with black details and a green cloud pattern on its bottom. He wore a dark green jittoku haori with a mon of a black sun over a khaki gear, and zōri with a black strap. Zoro also styled his hair in the chonmage style. After agreeing to allow Shusui to return to Ryuma's grave and remain in Wano, Zoro was given the legendary blade Enma in exchange, which was entrusted to him by Kouzuki Hiyori, the daughter of the sword's original owner, the legendary Samurai, Kouzuki Oden. During the Raid on Onigashima, Zoro donned a black version of his normal coat with a bright red sash. He also briefly wore a Beasts Pirates uniform created by Kin'emon, before he and Luffy were discovered by the enemy pirates. Throughout the Egghead Arc, after reaching the control tower, Zoro changed into a black body jumpsuit with the SSG logo on the side of the left thigh, with a dark-blue coat, blue gloves, and a belt across the upper body to hold his three swords on his back, along with a pair of orange DOM Shoes. During the Elbaph Arc, Zoro has currently received Viking attire due to Road imprisoning him in his Land of Gods. His attire consists of a long-sleeved, green shirt with white and yellow horizontal stripes on the sleeves, long dark pants with a black fur kilt and a large tan leather belt for carrying his swords. The outfit also includes brown leather vambraces, a pair of fur boots tied in leather, a green fur cape with pauldrons, and a pair of mask-shaped googles.