[] Similar to the main series, Zoro wears his standard outfit in most non-canon material. Starting with One Piece 3D: Straw Hat Chase, his standard wear is completely absent with very few exceptions. In the Clockwork Island Adventure, after the Trump Pirates stole the Going Merry with his clothes inside, he had to wear a black kimono from a wedding store. Then he changes his clothes for an open black jacket, a white scarf, and black pants like the ones he normally wears. In Chopper's Kingdom on the Island of Strange Animals, he wears an open blue jacket with short sleeves, a white line on the sleeves, short black pants, and still wearing his green haramaki. Also momentarily, he wears an extravagant penguin costume designed by Usopp. In Baron Omatsuri and the Secret Island, he wears a brown long sleeved v-neck t-shirt with his regular pants and boots. The brown shirt was later switched out for a white dress shirt, which he wore unbuttoned. After the second trial, he put on a black blazer and a gold chain necklace. In One Piece Film: Strong World, before meeting Shiki, Zoro wore a burgundy button-up shirt with one pink and one indigo stripe going over the left shoulder and down to the bottom of the shirt, plus black pants with a vertical yellow stripe going down each outer side and black sandals with blue straps. After being separated from the rest of the Straw Hats, he wears a brown t-shirt with a deep v-neck and a beige design around the collar, a red headband with a mauve and muted yellow flower-like design, and black cowboy boots, along with his regular haramaki and black pants. During the raid on Shiki's palace, he wears a black three-piece suit (which he later ditches the jacket of) with a white dress shirt, a black necktie, and black shoes. In One Piece Film: Z, before meeting Z, Zoro wore yellow-tinted sunglasses, a dark gray jacket with a thin light gray plaid pattern, a haramaki in a much duller green, navy blue pants, and black shoes. After meeting Kuzan on Secon Island, he wears a gray blazer with matching shorts, a light gray and white shirt with vertical stripes over a white undershirt, and white shoes. During the final battle against the Neo Marines on Piriodo, he wears a long coat with yellow accents and a similar outfit to his normal one, except with a burgundy coat instead of a green one and an olive green sash instead of a red one. In the 17th anime intro Wake up!, Zoro wears olive green robes with a thin yellow line along the edge, a green sash, a lime green boa scarf, and a short green cape with fish and a lily pad pattern on it. In One Piece Film: Gold, before entering Gran Tesoro, Zoro was wearing a green cap and white swim trunks with a camo pattern. After boarding the island, he changes into a white blazer, waistcoat, and necktie, a black zip-up shirt with sky blue accents, black pants, black shoes, and green-tinted sunglasses. After the "heist" is done, he changes into a black short-sleeved leather jacket with sky blue accents, black leather pants, black gloves, and black shoes. In One Piece: Stampede, upon arriving at Delta Island, he was wearing a green noragi with a lime green pattern, matching shorts, and brown sandals. During the treasure hunt, he wore a black short-sleeved jumpsuit with two orange lines rounding the right thigh and the word "KATANA" on his back in yellow text with an orange wing on each side and black boots. In the post-credits scene, Zoro wore an outfit almost identical to his main pre-timeskip look, just with a white t-shirt instead of a henley. In One Piece Film: Red, his initial outfit consisted of a white t-shirt with a white, blue, and black diamond shape within a black ring with small white circles within it, a gold necklace with three rectangular pieces, black pants ripped at the knee with a zipper circling the left thigh and a silver ring hanging from the side of each him, and black high-top sneakers. His second outfit, forced onto him by Uta consists of a black leather jacket with a circular pink patch with gray edges on the left arm that has a gray sunflower within it, plus another pink patch on the back with a winged cross with the bottom turned into an arrow shape a white dress shirt, a white cravat, black leather pants, and black boots with silver rings hanging from the top.