Japanese Voice: Kazuya Nakai;Megumi Urawa (young);Wataru Takagi (OVA) English Voice: Odex:Brian Zimmerman4Kids:Marc Diraison;Andrew Rannells (young)Funimation:Christopher R. Sabat;Brina Palencia (young);Cynthia Cranz (young) (Episode 2);Aaron Dismuke (young) (Unlimited Adventure) Live-Action Portrayal: Mackenyu;Maximilian Lee Piazza (young) For other characters with the same name, see Roronoa (Disambiguation). The subject of this article is sometimes called Roronoa Zolo. Roronoa Zoro, also known as "Pirate Hunter" Zoro, is the master swordsman (剣豪, kengō?) and combatant of the Straw Hat Pirates, one of the Senior Officers of the Straw Hat Grand Fleet, and is publicly recognized as the right-hand man and number two of his crew's captain, Monkey D. Luffy. Formerly a bounty hunter, he is the second member of Luffy's crew and the first to join it, doing so in the Romance Dawn Arc. Born in the East Blue, Zoro is the son of Tera and Roronoa Arashi, the grandson of Shimotsuki Furiko and Roronoa Pinzoro, and the grandnephew of Shimotsuki Ushimaru, making him a descendant of both the Shimotsuki Family of Wano Country and the legendary samurai, Shimotsuki Ryuma. As a master of Three Sword Style, a swordsmanship style which he created during his childhood training in Shimotsuki Village, Zoro is one of the three most powerful combatants of the Straw Hats, alongside Luffy and Sanji, who are aptly referred to as the "Monster Trio". His dream is to become the greatest swordsman in the world, to honor a promise he made to his deceased childhood friend and distant cousin, Kuina. In addition to his infamy as one of the Straw Hats and as a former bounty hunter, his sizeable bounty upon arriving at the Sabaody Archipelago caused Zoro, along with Luffy, to be included among the eleven "Super Rookies", pirates who simultaneously reached the Red Line with bounties of over 100,000,000 shortly before the Summit War. He, the other ten Super Rookies, and Marshall D. Teach would go on to be referred to as the "Worst Generation." Zoro gained his first bounty of 60,000,000 after the Arabasta Arc. It later increased to 120,000,000 after the Enies Lobby incident, then again to 320,000,000 after the Dressrosa Arc. Following the Raid on Onigashima, his bounty was augmented to 1,111,000,000.