1 Appearance 1.1 Before the Timeskip 1.2 After the Timeskip 1.3 Non-Canon 2 References 3 Site Navigation Quick Answers What is the origin of Roronoa Zoro's 'Pirate Hunter' nickname? Roronoa Zoro, a key character in the 'One Piece' anime, earned his 'Pirate Hunter' nickname due to his previous occupation as a bounty hunter. Before joining the Straw Hat Pirates, Zoro made a living by hunting down pirates and collecting the bounties placed on them. This fearsome reputation followed him even after he became a pirate himself, hence the moniker 'Pirate Hunter Zoro'. Provided by: Fandom How did Roronoa Zoro become a member of the Straw Hat Pirates? Roronoa Zoro, the swordsman with dreams of being the world's greatest, was on the brink of execution by the Marines when Monkey D. Luffy stepped in. Zoro realized his only chance of survival and achieving his dream was to accept Luffy's help and escape. In doing so, he became an official pirate and the first crewmate of the Straw Hat Pirates. This marked the beginning of Zoro's thrilling adventures in the world of One Piece. Provided by: Community Who is Roronoa Zoro's captain in the Straw Hat Pirates? Roronoa Zoro's captain in the Straw Hat Pirates is none other than the aspiring Pirate King, Monkey D. Luffy. Provided by: Community What was Roronoa Zoro's profession before becoming a pirate? Before becoming a pirate, Roronoa Zoro made his living as a bounty hunter. He would hunt down wanted criminals and turn them in to the Marines to claim their bounties. Zoro became a bounty hunter simply because he needed money - his true ambition has always been becoming the world's greatest swordsman. When he left his hometown of Shimotsuki Village in pursuit of this goal, however, he had to resort to bounty hunting to cover his expenses. Eventually, Monkey D. Luffy convinced Zoro to become a pirate and join his crew, causing Zoro to become a wanted man himself. Provided by: Community {"@context":"https:\/\/schema.org","@type":"FAQPage","name":"Roronoa Zoro","mainEntity":[{"@type":"Question","name":"What is the origin of Roronoa Zoro's 'Pirate Hunter' nickname?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Roronoa Zoro, a key character in the 'One Piece' anime, earned his 'Pirate Hunter' nickname due to his previous occupation as a bounty hunter. Before joining the Straw Hat Pirates, Zoro made a living by hunting down pirates and collecting the bounties placed on them. This fearsome reputation followed him even after he became a pirate himself, hence the moniker 'Pirate Hunter Zoro'."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"How did Roronoa Zoro become a member of the Straw Hat Pirates?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Roronoa Zoro, the swordsman with dreams of being the world's greatest, was on the brink of execution by the Marines when Monkey D. Luffy stepped in. Zoro realized his only chance of survival and achieving his dream was to accept Luffy's help and escape. In doing so, he became an official pirate and the first crewmate of the Straw Hat Pirates. This marked the beginning of Zoro's thrilling adventures in the world of One Piece."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"Who is Roronoa Zoro's captain in the Straw Hat Pirates?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Roronoa Zoro's captain in the Straw Hat Pirates is none other than the aspiring Pirate King, Monkey D. Luffy."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"What was Roronoa Zoro's profession before becoming a pirate?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Before becoming a pirate, Roronoa Zoro made his living as a bounty hunter. He would hunt down wanted criminals and turn them in to the Marines to claim their bounties. Zoro became a bounty hunter simply because he needed money - his true ambition has always been becoming the world's greatest swordsman. When he left his hometown of Shimotsuki Village in pursuit of this goal, however, he had to resort to bounty hunting to cover his expenses. Eventually, Monkey D. Luffy convinced Zoro to become a pirate and join his crew, causing Zoro to become a wanted man himself."}}]}